Clarify relationship between hypothesis testing and models (#142)
tidymodels/TMwR: 01-software-modeling.Rmd

### Inferential models {-}

> The goal of an inferential model is to produce a decision for a research question or to test a specific hypothesis, in much the way that statistical tests are used^[Many specific statistical tests are in fact equivalent to models. For example, the t-test is a particular case of the generalized linear model.]. The goal is to make some statement of truth regarding a predefined conjecture or idea. In many (but not all) cases, a qualitative statement is produced (e.g., a difference was "statistically significant").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of an inferential model is to produce a decision for a research question or to test a specific hypothesis, in much the way that statistical tests are used^[Many specific statistical tests are in fact equivalent to models. For example, t-tests and analysis of variance (ANOVA) methods are particular cases of the generalized linear model.]. The goal is to make some statement of truth regarding a predefined conjecture or idea. In many (but not all) cases, a qualitative statement is produced (e.g., a difference was "statistically significant").
```
